Feat/Add Service, Ingress, Gateway Resources (#413)
caas-team/GoKubeDownscaler: website/content/docs/2 - downscaler/3 - Workload Types.mdx

- resource: autoscalingrunnerset.v1alpha1.actions.github.com

Scales by setting the minRunners count to the [downscale replicas](ref:docs-values#downscale-replicas).

### Services

- id: services
- resource: services.v1

Scales by setting the type to ClusterIP.

### AWSELBServices

- id: awselbservices
- resource: services.v1

Scales by setting the type to ClusterIP.
Only services without the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type` annotation or
with the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type` annotation set to a value different from `nlb` are scaled.

### AWSNLBServices

- id: awsnlbservices
- resource: services.v1

Scales by setting the type to ClusterIP.
Only services with the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type` annotation
set to `nlb` are scaled.

### Ingresses

- id: ingresses
- resource: ingresses.v1.networking.k8s.io

> Scales by setting the IngressClassName of the Gateway object to `downscaler-ingress-class`.
> In a constrained installation, the GatewayClass object with the name `downscaler-gateway-class` must
> be provisioned by a cluster administrator having the necessary cluster-wide permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scales by setting the IngressClassName of the Ingress object to `downscaler-ingress-class`.
In a constrained installation, the IngressClass object with the name `downscaler-ingress-class` must
be provisioned by a cluster administrator having the necessary cluster-wide permissions
```
